There are such beautiful women in this world
It is the disciple of the master who commits to the master
A beautiful woman
On time, he didn't come for nothing.
Nangong Shangxian
I said, why is this Yang Fan so close?
It turned out to be the legendary Immortal Nangong
Trained
Hahahaha
Fellow Daoist Nangong
I haven't seen you for days, you are still so elegant
Is this Yang Fan's master?
He's so beautiful.
Make me jealous
I heard someone was going to teach my disciple a lesson
The master is him, the red flame dog thief
He made me yell at you
court death
Fellow Daoist Nangong is your apprentice and has been pushing people too hard
It's not your turn to teach a lesson
So domineering
I love it.
All this I see what you do
As long as you let me go
I can make an entire continent available to you
How can you match it?
Just one look can hurt someone seriously
As expected of the lion's palace
It seems that you are going to fight me to the end
Don't watch me give you three points
Tell you I'm not afraid of you either
It seems that these two ancestors have already started to fight